ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 2
INDEX
 CORPORATE OVERVIEW  
Basis and Adoption of Integrated Reporting 04
India’s Leading Private General Insurer 06
Our Organisational Structure And Solutions 07
Our Key Differentiators For FY2022  08
Our Financial Performance 09
Awards and Accolades 10
Our Performance 14
Message from the Chairperson 17
Message from the Managing Director 19
Board of Directors 22
Leadership Team 24
Corporate Information 25
Delivering Value to our Stakeholders 26
Business Model (Inputs) 28
Business Model (Outcomes) 29
Our Business Model 30
The Operating Environment in FY2022 31
Our Strategy in Action 34
Stakeholder Perspectives 38
Addressing Material Issues 40
Enterprise Risk Management -  
Framework & Approach 44
Risk Management Assessment on COVID-19 48
Reserving Disclosures 50
Business Segment Review 57
Government and Rural Business Groups 60
Retail Group  62
Shared Services 64
Human Capital: An Important Pillar To Achieve 
Organisational Goals 70
Corporate Social Responsibility 77
Our Approach to ESG 81  STATUTORY REPORT 
Directors’ Report 85
Corporate Government Report 94
Secretarial Auditor’s Report 131
Management Discussion & Analysis Report 152
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Management Report 169
Independent Auditor’s Report 178
Independent Auditor’s Certificate 187
Balance Sheet 189
Profit and Loss Account 190
Revenue Account 192
Schedules 194
Receipts and Payment Account 254
Glossary 256ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited162
CORPORATE OVERVIEW       STATUTORY REPORTS       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Income from investments (Profit and Loss Account) 
stood at ` 7.03 billion for fiscal 2022 from ` 5.04 
billion for fiscal 2021. The gross interest, dividend and 
rent (Profit and Loss Account) stood at ` 5.40 billion 
for fiscal 2022 from ` 4.36 billion for fiscal 2021 was 
primarily due to an increase in total investment assets 
attributable to the shareholder account. 
  Other income (Profit and Loss Account)
  Other income (Profit and Loss Account) consists of 
interest income on tax refund, profit on sale/discard of 
fixed assets and recovery of bad debts written off.
 (` billion)
Particulars Fiscal 2021* Fiscal 2022
Interest income on tax refund 0.12  0.00 
Profit on sale/discard of fixed assets 0.00  0.03 
Recovery of bad debts written off -  - 
Other income (Profit and Loss 
Account)0.12  0.03 
  Other income (Profit and Loss Account) stood at ` 0.03 
billion for fiscal 2022 from ` 0.12 billion for fiscal 2021. 
Also, interest income on tax refund was NIL for fiscal 
2022 as against ` 0.12 billion for fiscal 2021.
  Provisions (other than taxation)
  Provisions (other than taxation) consists of provisions 
for diminution in the value of investments, doubtful 
debts, future recoverable under reinsurance contracts 
and other provisions.
  (` billion)
Particulars Fiscal 2021* Fiscal 2022
For dimunition in the value of 
investments(0.67) (0.43)
For doubtful debts 0.11  (0.05)
For future recoverable under 
reinsurance contracts-  - 
Others -  - 
Provision other than taxation (Profit 
and Loss Account)(0.56) (0.48)  Provisions (other than taxation) stood at ` (0.48) billion 
for fiscal 2022 from ` (0.56) billion for fiscal 2021 is 
mainly on account of net of reversal of impairment of 
investment assets of ` 0.44 billion pursuant to sale of 
the underlying securities/receipt against the securities 
during fiscal 2022. 
  Other expenses (Profit and Loss Account)
  Other expenses consist of expenses other than those 
related to insurance business, which include certain 
employees’ remuneration and other expenses, 
managerial remuneration, directors’ fees and CSR 
expenditure, charges on issuance of the Debentures, 
expenses related to investment property and 
Contribution to Policyholders Funds towards Excess 
Expenses of Management. Other expenses also 
covers, bad debts written off, loss on sale/discard of 
fixed assets and penalty.
  Other expenses stood at ` 8.64 billion for fiscal 2022 
from ` 5.74 billion for fiscal 2021. Other expenses for 
fiscal 2022 includes CSR expenditure, loss on sale 
of fixed assets and penalty. Other expenses in fiscal 
2022 included ` 7.70 billion debited in Profit and Loss 
Account being excess of IRDAI prescribed segmental 
limits pertaining to the Health Retail segment, Motor 
and Miscellaneous Retail segments that are required to 
be borne by shareholders in accordance with the IRDAI 
(Expenses of Management of Insurers transacting 
General or Health Insurance Business) Regulations, 
2016. 
  Profit
  As a result of the above, profit before tax stood at 
` 16.84 billion for fiscal 2022 from ` 19.54 billion for 
fiscal 2021.
  Provision for taxation stood at ` 4.13 billion for fiscal 
2022 from ` 4.81 billion for fiscal 2021. 
  Profit after tax stood at ` 12.71 billion for fiscal 2022 
from ` 14.73 billion for fiscal 2021.
 ii. Financial Position: Balance Sheet
  The following table sets forth, at the dates indicated, 
our summary balance sheet, which is based on our 
financial statements.
*   Numbers are related to standalone financial results, hence not comparable with numbers pursuant to the Scheme of Arrangement for Fiscal 
2022ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited178
CORPORATE OVERVIEW       STATUTORY REPORTS       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT
To the Members of ICICI Lombard General Insurance 
Company Limited
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying financial statements of 
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
(“the Company”), which comprise the Balance Sheet as at 
March 31, 2022, the Revenue accounts of fire, marine and 
miscellaneous insurance (collectively known as the ‘Revenue 
Accounts’), the Profit and Loss Account and the Receipts and 
Payments Account for the year then ended, the schedules 
annexed there to, a summary of the significant accounting 
policies and other explanatory notes thereon.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to us, we report that 
the aforesaid financial statements, prepared in accordance 
with the requirements of Accounting Standards as specified 
under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’),  
including relevant provisions of the Insurance Act, 1938, the 
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India 
Act, 1999 (the “IRDAI Act”) and other accounting principles 
generally accepted in India, to the extent considered relevant 
and appropriate for the purpose of these financial statements 
and which are not inconsistent with the accounting principles 
as prescribed in the Insurance Regulatory and Development 
Authority of India (Preparation of Financial Statements and 
Auditors’ Report of Insurance Companies) Regulations, 2002 
(the “Regulations”) and orders/directions/circulars issued by 
the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India 
(“IRDAI”/“Authority”), to the extent applicable, give a true and 
fair view in conformity with the accounting principles generally 
accepted in India as applicable to insurance companies:
a. in the case of Balance Sheet, of the state affairs of the 
Company as at March 31, 2022;
b. in the case of Revenue Accounts, of the operating profit 
in so far as it relates to the Fire and Miscellaneous 
business and operating loss in so far as it relates to the 
Marine business for year ended on that date;c. in the case of Profit and Loss Account, of the profit for 
the year ended on that date; and
d. in case of Receipts and Payments Account, of the 
receipts and payments for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on 
Auditing (SAs) specified under Section 143(10) of the Act. Our 
responsibilities under those Standards are further described 
in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the financial 
statements section of our report. We are independent of the 
Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by 
the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with 
the ethical requirements that is relevant to our audit of the 
financial statements under the provisions of the Act and the 
Rules made thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical 
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and 
the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have 
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for 
our opinion.
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the 
financial statements of the current period and include the 
most significant assessed risks of material misstatement 
(whether or not due to fraud) that we identified. These matters 
included those which had the greatest effect on: the overall 
audit strategy, the allocation of resources in the audit; and 
directing the efforts of the engagement team. 
These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of 
the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion 
thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these 
matters.ON FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2022 OF ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL 
INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITEDICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited182
CORPORATE OVERVIEW       STATUTORY REPORTS       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
We communicate with those charged with governance 
regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and 
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including 
any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify 
during our audit. 
We also provide those charged with governance with a 
statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate 
with them all relationships and other matters that may 
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and 
where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with 
governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the financial statements of the 
current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We 
describe these matters in our Auditor’s Report unless law or 
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or 
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a 
matter should not be communicated in our report because 
the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably 
be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such 
communication.
OTHER MATTERS
The actuarial valuation of liabilities in respect of Incurred But 
Not Reported (the “IBNR”), Incurred But Not Enough Reported 
(the “IBNER”) and Premium Deficiency Reserve (the “PDR”) 
is the responsibility of the Company’s Appointed Actuary 
(the “Appointed Actuary”). The actuarial valuation of these 
liabilities, that are estimated using statistical methods as 
at March 31, 2022 has been duly certified by the Appointed 
Actuary and in his opinion, the assumptions considered by 
him for such valuation are in accordance with the guidelines 
and norms issued by the IRDAI and the Institute of Actuaries of 
India in concurrence with the IRDAI. We have relied upon the 
Appointed Actuary’s certificate in this regard for forming our 
opinion on the valuation of liabilities for outstanding claims 
reserves and the PDR contained in the financial statements of 
the Company.REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY 
REQUIREMENTS
1. As required by the IRDAI Financial Statements 
Regulations, we have issued a separate certificate 
dated 21 April, 2022 certifying the matters specified in 
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Schedule C to the IRDAI Financial 
Statement Regulations. 
2. As required by the paragraph 2 of Schedule C to the 
IRDAI Financial Statement Regulations and Section 
143(3) of the Act, in our opinion and according to the 
information and explanations give to us, we report that:
 a) We have sought and obtained all the information 
and explanations which to the best of our knowledge 
and belief were necessary for the purposes of our 
audit.
 b) As the Company’s accounts are centralised and 
maintained at the corporate office, no returns 
for the purposes of our audit are prepared at the 
branches and other offices of the Company.
 c) In our opinion, proper books of account as required 
by law have been kept by the Company so far as it 
appears from our examination of those books.
 d) The Balance Sheet, the Revenue Accounts, the 
Profit and Loss Account and the Receipts and 
Payments Account dealt with by this report are in 
agreement with the books of account.
 e) In our opinion, the aforesaid financial statements 
comply with the applicable Accounting Standards 
specified under Section 133 of the Act, to the extent 
they are not inconsistent with the accounting 
principles prescribed by the Regulations and 
orders/directions prescribed by IRDAI in this 
regard. 
 f) Investments have been valued in accordance with 
the provisions of the Insurance Act, the Regulations 
and orders/directions issued by IRDAI in this 
regard. 
 g) On the basis of the written representations received 
from the directors as on 31st March, 2022 taken 
on record by the Board of Directors, none of the 
directors is disqualified as on 31st March, 2022 from 
being appointed as a director in terms of Section 
164 (2) of the Act.Annual Report 2021-22219
CORPORATE OVERVIEW       STATUTORY REPORTS       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
In case of Office Equipment, the management estimate of the useful life is higher and for Information Technology 
equipment (Servers & Networks), Furniture & Fitting and Vehicles, the management estimate of the useful life is lower 
than that prescribed in Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013. This is based on the consistent practices followed, 
past experience and is duly supported by technical advice.
  Depreciation on Furniture & Fittings in leased premises is recognised on a straight-line basis over the period of lease 
or useful life as determined by management, whichever is lower.
  All assets including intangibles individually costing up to ` 5,000 are fully depreciated/amortised in the year in which 
they are acquired. 
  Management reviews its estimate of useful life at each balance sheet date.
  Capital work-in-progress
  Capital work-in-progress includes assets not ready for the intended use and are carried at cost, comprising direct 
cost and related incidental expenses.
  Intangibles Assets
  Intangible assets comprising computer software are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation. Computer software 
including improvements are amortised over a period of 4 years, being the management’s estimate of the useful life 
of such intangibles. 
  Management reviews its estimate of useful life at each Balance Sheet date.
  Impairment of Assets
  The Company assesses at each balance sheet date whether there is any indication that any asset may be impaired. If 
any such indication exists, the carrying value of such assets is reduced to its recoverable amount and the impairment 
loss is recognised in the profit and loss account. If at the balance sheet date there is any indication that a previously 
assessed impairment loss no longer exists, then such loss is reversed, and the asset is restated to that extent. 
 4.10 Operating Lease 
  Leases, where the lessor effectively retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the leased item, 
are classified as operating lease.
  Payments made towards assets/premises taken on operating lease are recognised as an expense in the revenue 
account(s) and profit and loss account over the lease term on straight-line basis. Initial direct costs incurred specifically 
for an operating lease are charged to the revenue account(s) and profit and loss account.
 4.11 Employee benefits
  Short term employee benefits 
  Employee benefits payable wholly within twelve months of rendering the service are classified as short term employee 
benefits and are recognised in the period in which the employee renders the related service. These benefits include 
salaries, bonus and compensated absences. All short term employee benefits are accounted on undiscounted basis.
  Long term employee benefits
  Provident fund and other contributions
  This is a defined contribution scheme and contributions payable to the Regional Provident Fund Authority are provided 
on the basis of prescribed percentage of salary and are charged to revenue account(s) and profit and loss account.